Im enjoying my CS2450 class
Inserted something.
date: 1/21/2025 - A new entry. We worked hard to get git setup to be able to use SSH keys.

date: 1/28/2025 - I dont have that much of what is going on and how I will be useful to my team but Im hope and now I will give the group the best work I can do so heres to hoping.

date: 2/04/2025 - Im looking forward to working on are app I think this is going to help alot with my understanding on the implimation of code and what a stack will look like when finished. 

date: 2/11/2025 - I was realy struggling with using the command line/bash shell but since I have made my self more familur with the different commands it has gotten easier but there are still thing I struggle with.
	Working with a group has had its challenges like the communication between each other is the lowest possible it seems like but I have hope we as a group will get there.

date: 2/13/2025 - I didnt realize that some of the processes that I use at work are very simulor to the user stories and the requirment gathing. I work with signal booster for cell phones and so it is every import to take in and understande the expectation users will have or do have. So the way do that is by putting them through worse case possiblities. 

date: 2/20/2025 - I fell I learned alot about myself and learned that I suggle with working in a group and how componet digrams look like and how they help.

date: 2/25/2025 - Ive been struggleing with understanding and learing JS but Im not going to stop trying and I hope that are team can move passed solo working and find are grove as a teamo.

date: 3/04/2025 - We had a lesson on ethics today and It really got me thinking about where would I draw my line at and this is something that I will have to keep think about in my career and always ask my self will I be able to live with my choice. On another note I've been trying to understand flask and I think I starting to get it just need to figure out

date 3/12/2025 - classes hve been going well and I realy think Im starting to get the hang of flask or atless the css and bootstrap.

date 3/25/2025 - app is really starting to come along and are group communication has gotten alot better and is cuase things to run much smoother. I enjoyed the unit testing assignment but figuring out the chrome driver felt almost impossible.
